document installing into a environment with pinned dependencies (#7397)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/faq.rst

.. _pip requirements file: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide.html#requirements-files

I need to install a package in a environment with pinned versions
-----------------------------------------------------------------

To ensure proper installation of a python package, the ``pip`` :ref:`install method <config-file/v2:python.install>` will automatically upgrade every dependency to its most recent version in case they aren't pinned by the package definition.
If instead you'd like to pin your dependencies outside the package, you can add this line to your requirements or environment file (if you are using Conda).

In ``docs/requirements.txt``::

    # path to the directory containing setup.py relative to the project root
    -e .

> In ``conda``'s environment files (``docs/environment.yml``), use::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Conda environment file (``environment.yml``)::
```

Author: The path added to `environment.yml` depends on the environment file, so this makes the relation a bit less clear.

I guess my question is: is the comment below sufficient?

Reviewer: yeah, I think is fine

.. _pip requirements file: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide.html#requirements-files

> Can I install into a environment with pinned versions?
> ------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: Or something similar

```suggestion
I need to install a package in a environment with pinned versions
-----------------------------------------------------------------

```

> To ensure proper installation of the python package, the ``pip`` :ref:`install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure proper installation of a python package, the ``pip`` :ref:`install
```

method <config-file/v2:python.install>` will automatically upgrade every

> dependency to its most recent version. If instead you'd like to pin your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependency to its most recent version in case they aren't pinned. If instead you'd like to pin your
```

Author: maybe something like this?
```suggestion
dependency to its most recent version in case they aren't pinned by the package definition. If instead you'd like to pin your
```

Reviewer: yeah, that sounds better

> dependencies to certain versions, you can add a line to your requirements /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies outside the package, you can add this line to your requirements or
```

.. _pip requirements file: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide.html#requirements-files

I need to install a package in a environment with pinned versions
-----------------------------------------------------------------

To ensure proper installation of a python package, the ``pip`` :ref:`install
method <config-file/v2:python.install>` will automatically upgrade every
dependency to its most recent version in case they aren't pinned by the package definition. If instead you'd like to pin your
dependencies outside the package, you can add this line to your requirements or

> environment file (if you are using Conda).

Reviewer: We use these conventions for wrapping long lines https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development/docs.html#content

> In ``docs/requirements.txt``::

Author: this sounds a bit like exactly that filename / path is required (same for the `conda` file). Any idea how to fix that?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your ``requirements.txt`` file::
```

Reviewer: We generally refer to them with a single name requirements.txt/environment.yml
